Generate Certificates and associate them with SNIs (#363)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/generate-certificate-with-sni.md

Reviewer: I think it's fine to have a different title and filename, but this one is so close that it seems odd to have them diverge. Maybe rename the file to `associate` as well?

---
title: Associate a Certificate with an SNI
content_type: how_to
related_resources:
  - text: SNI entity

>     url: /gateway/entities/snis/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    url: /gateway/entities/sni/
```

>   - text: SNI entity
>     url: /gateway/entities/snis/
>   - text: Certificates
>     url: /gateway/entities/certificate/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: Secure your API with TLS using SNIs
    url: app/_how-tos/secure-api-with-tls/
```
The `entities` key adds links to all entities in the info box, so entity links are redundant hre.

products:
    - gateway

> tier: enterprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Why is this Enterprise only? Certs and SNIs are available in OSS.

works_on:

>     - on-prem

Reviewer: Why not Konnect?

entities: 
  - certificate
  - sni
  - route
  - service

tldr:

>     q: How do you validate that a Certificate is attached to an SNI and working?
>     a: After creating the Certificate and associating it to the desired SNI, then using `openssl` you can verify that {{site.base_gateway}} is returning the expected certificate for the SNI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    q: How do you associate a Certificate with an SNI and make sure it works?
    a: After creating a Certificate, you can associate it to a the desired SNI, and use `openssl` to verify that {{site.base_gateway}} is returning the expected certificate for the SNI. 
```

tools:
    - deck

prereqs:
  inline:
    - title: Certificate
      include_content: prereqs/certificate
      icon_url: /assets/icons/file.svg
    - title: Configure environment variables
      content: |
        Set the following variables: 

>         * `CERT_ID`: The UUID set when you associated a Certificate with {{site.base_gateway}}.

Reviewer: This is a duplicate of an instruction in the certificate prereq.

>         * `SNI_NAME`: The name of the [SNI](/gateway/entities/sni/)

Reviewer: This is missing some context. Do I need to have an SNI entity already created? Do I just need an SNI itself?

        For example: 
        ```sh
        export CERT_ID=3f19b7d1-705f-422a-a116-7dc8282efe21
        export SNI_NAME=my.sni.example.com
        ```
    
cleanup:
  inline:
    - title: Destroy the {{site.base_gateway}} container
      include_content: cleanup/products/gateway
      icon_url: /assets/icons/gateway.svg
    

min_version:
    gateway: '3.4'
---

## 1. Associate your certificate with an SNI

Associate the Certificate created as a prerequisite with an SNI. If the SNI doesn't exist, this request will create a new one.

{% capture request %}

> {% control_plane_request %}

Reviewer: Why write this in curl? You can do this in decK as well. I would do it like we have it documented here: https://kongdeveloper.netlify.app/gateway/entities/sni/#set-up-an-sni

  url: certificates/$CERT_ID/snis
  method: POST
  headers:
      - 'Accept: application/json'
      - 'Content-Type: application/json'
  body:
    name: $SNI_NAME
{% endcontrol_plane_request %}
{% endcapture %}

{{request | indent: 3}}
<!-- vale on -->

## 2. Validate 

> Using `openssl` open a connection with {{site.base_gateway}} and check that {{site.base_gateway}} returns the correct certificate for the SNI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `openssl`, open a connection with {{site.base_gateway}} and check that {{site.base_gateway}} returns the correct certificate for the SNI:
```

```

> echo "" | openssl s_client -connect 127.0.0.1 -port 8443 -servername $MY_SNI_NAME 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -text -noout | head -10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo "" | openssl s_client -connect 127.0.0.1 -port 8443 -servername $SNI_NAME 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -text -noout | head -10
```

```

> The response will contain the certificate you created and attached to the SNI in the first step, along with the `CN` and any other information you used when creating the certificate. Because TLS passthrough is not enabled, {{site.base_gateway}} is returning its own Certificate. For instructions on configuring TLS passthrough review our [Proxy TLS traffic](/how-to/proxy-tls-passthrough-traffic-using-sni/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response will contain the certificate you created and attached to the SNI in the first step, along with the `CN` and any other information you used when creating the certificate. 
Because TLS passthrough is not enabled, {{site.base_gateway}} is returning its own Certificate. 
For instructions on configuring TLS passthrough, review our [Proxy TLS traffic](/how-to/proxy-tls-passthrough-traffic-using-sni/)
```
